here we go, boys and girls (pause) you stay put
if people don't like our satire in our number one hit show then don't watch it
okay (pause) open your eyes
they stood him up against the wall and held him (pause) they fuckin' pulled down his pants, and i swear to god, nezhinski just cut it off
i do not understand the final question (pause)
that dumb immigrant'll flop on me i know it can you imagine butch doing this to me (pause) at a time like this?
hey (pause) i didn't know you were here
you can't get caught in this dorm (pause) hide!
if you're deaf, read my lips (pause) i don't need a psycho following me today
see if they can open it from the other (pause) guys?
that's the one (pause)
any bumps in the road ahead
she don't mean nothin' to me that's all over hell baby (pause) i'm askin' you to marry me i guess you want a big scene huh?
i threw that filthy thing away (pause) i don't know what you're trying to prove with it but (pause)
bandit at seven o'clock low (pause) solo take him pull on the goddamn stick man!
get child services down here (pause) and don't let her father leave
if stage two was completed, it was underground (pause) she said it was going to be underground
there's nothing i would (pause) (uh) losers!
i'd be on the ground looking up at my body, no head, walking around bumping into everything
by the power of the magic loc-nar placed in your idol's hands, i command you (pause) come forth uluhtec!
i guess i'm kinda (pause) outta this skin condition (pause) what is it?
pendergast may be in trouble don't you understand? he still hasn't come back it's been over three hours (pause)
carpenter (pause) now can we go see the space ship?
yeah me too why? i mean i know why for me why i paid for the ad but you (pause) why start writing to some guy (pause) some con (pause) you don't even know?
no, that's really unneces (pause) now i've seen it all
he loved the manuscript, as well he should (pause) it made him out to be a saint (pause) cobb looks up from the manuscript
but you (pause) you're a motherfucking jesus christ
from the first time i saw you at school (pause) all those years we were married to other people i always felt like we were connected
i'd go so far as to say lovely you should her face when she's having sex (pause) really?
there's nothing i've done that (pause) (pause) that these gentlemen haven't done!
can i go to dance tomorrow ? i'm (pause) if you are, then i'll take barbara to soccer and take you to dance i can take her
chris is holding a book from which he reads aloud the (pause) and i will tell about it
snapped 'em in two (pause) even the putter
there was a faction pulling for that boy who was killed in the gulf war (pause) ruben (pause) (pause) santiago
you'll jump when i holler
there will be no one left to stop blackwood and his followers from assuming control
are you wearing perfume?
the ruffian dogs the hellish pair the villain burke the meager hare (pause)
look (pause) it's your auntie sharon
not very well we met shortly after the enterprise-e was commissioned i found her to be a most (pause) promising officer
his name was geel piet (pause) yellow peter
that's not (pause) i accept your apology
intercut with moving with the kelvin's chief engineer diagnostic's back online (pause) rerouting to auxiliary console
yeah that (pause) and what?
(pause) didn't invite us to woodstock
oh all right (pause) see you later toots
you do have the film somewhere, i assume?
(pause) too (pause) then what (pause) too late, maybe that's what i like about you and me
shit (pause) can i tell you how much you're freaking me out?
wait a second (pause) who's the mope?
perhaps (pause) but it comes off none the less
oh i wouldn't want to (pause) i mean i'd want to but i wouldn't want to (pause) be a nuisance to you
there were a lot of variables to consider (pause)
(pause) well i'm not sure where i (pause)
so isn't it at least possible that (pause) as a doctor i agree with you
i was blind but now i see you don't like me, and i don't blame you (pause) you see a schlumpy energy sucking defeated sack of shit sponging off your husband
doctor railly (pause) please (pause) this is very important!
also (pause) stay out of the "adult bookstore " adult bookstore
i put it inside one of the paint drums
so (pause) what? so we should just make pretend over the phone that we're dating?
black king on red queen, put the ace up (pause) kyle goddammit!
i was so afraid you (pause)
if all the kids jumped off a bridge, would you do that too?
that guy's band is playing tonight (pause) alien autopsy
i've seen him with women he flirts he always has on some level i presumed he was cheating on my mother i just never had proof
no (pause) quick, man!
i can take them to work with me (pause) i can shift things around (pause)
5000 (pause) that's just what i owe you
amends (pause) ?
he had that funny sense of humor
finch listen (pause) stifler slipped some sort of laxative in your mocash-chino or whatever it's fast acting i mean really fast
let's do something together (pause) do you want to play monopoly? or careers (pause) clue (pause) snakes and ladders?
who ya got playin the piana (pause) a hippo?
i don't (pause) alright: a ) you play that country western-crap and no one's gonna buy a stereo
if he offers you a line of coke (pause) snort it
yes (pause) and well put
my concern is that the three million never arrived at batista's numbered account in switzerland
no good (pause) they might block off the old chip this way
i don't think that's what it is (pause) i've been working on this movie for months
(pause) you're such a prima donna
it's getting kind of late (pause)
well (pause) they all came together real nice
well she didn't understand how it was with me and (pause) between us?
i'm really all right barnett don't you worry really (pause) i just don't want you to leave me that's all
and i guess, i thought that after that big mess with aidan (pause) you'd never want to get married
cogburn well, that piece will do the job (pause) if you can find a high stump to rest it on and a wall to put behind you
you don't jeopardize our financial markets by some hypocritical stance on drug consumption
a matter of hours now (pause) if you don't begin the procedure soon you'll never make it back to romulus
i'm the hero (pause) i got you!
the traffic was (pause) you guys already played the spots?
jah (pause) you endorse his product (pause) he endorses your research
i don't know (pause) you could be staking your financial future on stealing bob hope's stool specimen
buda (pause) or what you'd expect someone to pay you for your uterus, miss sanchez (pause) then you take out your calculator and multiply that number by a hundred
i mean (pause) no
nice augie (pause) nice
(pause) don't tell me where you're going
been writing, well let's see how we're yes, god damn it, stumpy, yes!
don't call me dumb!
denham summons agent hughes over
the inside of the rv is pretty much trashed now (pause) the product of men working in close contact
it is an amazing (pause) what were you planning on doing with it?
oh (pause) won't you come in?
then lord dunois show me the way to the other side of the river (pause)
jill god (pause) damn!
(pause) i'm walking evidence!
leia (pause) what would you think if i went away for a while?
but (pause) what about (pause) my i'm going to the condos
(pause) get me out of here!
well do whatever it is you do well and just (pause) just do it excuse me (pause)
(pause) there, and there
constable ichiro matsumoto presents captured prisoner kobo, chief inspector ohashi
shall i dial that same number back for you?
that i'll just (pause) that one day i'll just (pause) disappear
(pause) you gotta give me more to go on (pause)
get off the pavement, you bloody (pause) colin!
so (pause) i guess as long as i'm here all sorts of things could happen to this place we could have pink lawns and blue trees (pause)
if you're not sure it's moving (pause) shoot it!
i was wondering whether you'd come at all (pause)
that's what we all used to call him when he was a kid (pause) cause he was always quacking never shut up
now i'd advise you to wait outside it'll be eas (pause)
truman capote, miss nelle harper lee
guess i'd better hitch up the rig and come back to get that (pause) that thing he was settin' in what do you make of that thing? martha? you listening?
edward well, my mother was a music and married my edward (pause) whose family was extremely wealthy
she gave me her phone number!
i doesn't work like that, you might talk to people (pause) who wants it first
anybody gets too curious (pause) fbi, irs, whatever (pause) that trail's gonna lead to somebody
i'm in no shape (pause) i need to postpone (pause) i'm sorry
i (pause)(pause)i think it's a very beautiful (pause) -it's not a phoney-baloney hollywood body (pause) (pause) that's right, ted, i would be laughed out of hollywood
of course, we don't help you much when you're alive (pause) but afterward (pause) that's what counts
we ain't gonna bring nike to their knees with some regional camel ad (pause) can i ask you a question totally unrelated to your career?
please (pause) the number
and then there's your ice business (pause) hey, hey, don't worry about my ice worry about your hair?!
because she didn't know she was going on a trip (pause) and where she was going she wouldn't need a handbag
but, he is only a man, just an ordinary human being, like myself
(uh)
call that girl: well, call her, and have whatsername send up some nosh (pause) what do you like to i don't drink
come on now (pause) i'm so hungry i could faint
at a minimum it's a drunk private joyriding in a hummer who runs down an old lady in greenpoint
and you barely missed the pump!
opens the book (pause) drawings of brains/tomatoes (pause) number-gibberish (pause) in the margins, many attempts to capture likenesses of dr
g i jane and which one of you told me she wouldn't last a week? huh?"
sure, yeah (pause) or i could make a bacon and egg i don't know
i can't help but feel somehow (pause) it's my fault i keep thinking i could've done something (pause) stopped it (pause)
not much chance of that now the mcp can just slip it into another system as soon as it locates it (pause)
blot it (pause) blot sorry ? now look what you've done
i'd (uh) i'd really like to (pause) shit, just call me the minute you get in, call
look at them (pause) they need gears (pause) cylinder heads (pause) oil we're in the middle of the goddamn i think he knows that joey
and on that (pause) kate speaks quickly now, her voice low
yeah (pause) i thought we might need it (pause)
young man and forgive me for saying this (pause) but then you said (pause) and it's been with me ever since (pause) what has (pause)?
"they're not mine?" well, i mean (pause) technically, they're not
(pause) want to know where i stand
(pause) burn it all
probably decided not to pursue us, the sea of simulation is lot of illusions (pause) rough navigating
you got to get out of oh god, oh god, oh god (pause) do you have a he's fine (pause) it's you're going to be fine
what's dangerous is that he makes the connection between what happened today and the girl like i say, i don't normally do this
i don't need you to get the money (pause) my money!
what are you doing? (pause) no stop (pause) please please
sorry if i was doing a bad job (pause) i'm kinda hammered
aramis (pause) the king wishes to see you
hey (pause) you got stereo
wouldn't it be a little embarrassing (pause) all of us there (pause) your other and me and your stepfather?
juno, can i (pause) can i touch it?
and right next to it, that oval design with the markings (pause) it's a dead ringer for the spore casings
i, i, and y'know, i the he signed his to "for progress to occur, it is necessary for two generations to agree (pause) " oh, jeez, this guy is fucked
we can't (pause) but you are so ingenious leon (pause)
a myth (pause) just a myth (pause) shouldn't you be checking out their countersurveillance?
so, would you at least (pause) let me take you out on a date?
wait a moment (pause)
the only one who understands what this me- (pause)
"pulp fiction" (pause) by quentin tarantino & roger avary by quentin tarantino & roger avary no, forget it, it's too risky
the sound of the engine rips through fog and trees illuminated by the straining headlight
i've got to clean the blinds in the office
it's a film (pause) of a girl being murdered
i don't think it's been tough, huh?
let me let me yeah! die you bastard (pause)
he is either a marxist dupe of russia and (pause) or the most popular leader of a most popular democratic revolution
i look after the hens, and i make * dyes from the plants, and perfumes too
(pause) that simpleton is holding back the race they got rid of us and keep those two buffoons mantan and sleep 'n eat y'knowwhati'msayin'?
i told you (pause) he and i were old friends (pause)
y'all been busy (uh)?
it was my understanding that you were in charge of its capture (pause) enough!
you to forget this dumbass roadeo and take on a real challenge
unbelievable look (pause) here i don't know what's going on that's so much baloney i've got enough cash for one night okay?
c'mon guys (pause) gimme some action (pause) unless you people want to die you'll do what i say and you'll do it fast!
tired of this shit (pause)
welcome on board mr dallas (pause)
impressions of raymond (pause) hyper-alert (pause) frighteningly engaged, and agreeable
parrish (um) (pause) i did enjoy (pause) or rather i was interested in meeting john yes- terday (pause) i but it did get me to thinking
divert power and compensate (pause) intruder alert!
(uh) huh
landon carter i was driving the car that (pause)
we'll never succeed (pause) we may as well die here
yuck, what a scumbag
they will have five hundred a year amongst them as it is (pause) (pause) and what on earth can four women want for more than that?
no (pause) no, forget it!
it was my father's kept it in his wallet he was murdered (pause)
(uh) -oh
gus, this (pause) good coffee, isn't it?
then what (pause) luvin' that, rat-tat-tat-tat, clean as a nun's snatch on kristal nacht!
ah (pause) at the movies (pause) sir
dude nothing is fucked come on you're being very undude they'll call back look she kidnapped her (pause)
but why rattle your brains by arguing and talking (pause) believe me anna words never help at all they only serve to confuse i love you anna isn't i that enough?
i hope you oh god (pause) daddy (pause) don't ever scare me like that (pause) please
it's not your house (pause)
as roy steele's booming voice echoes: pinch hitting for eric byrnes (pause) scott hatteberg
the labs hare were (pause) working on special apps for speak english, hombre
you never know till the fire stares you down if you're gonna be (pause) oh shut up, huh?
because, pumpkin, of our three darling children, we love her best
hathaway really doesn't want her husband to keep investiga (pause) i know, we read it, we get it
don't rush into it (pause) we may need the income
i was doing a little re- con in his and i found this: if he'd had hustler or something, boys will be boys (pause) but this is just sick
the baron, who had come back without his family, didn't attend, which was very unusual for narrator: (pause) the villagers took that as a sign of his anger
he's okay, i assume
ward, you tell me the definition of happy (uh)?
but (pause) mr
she pulls (pause) but her skin is stuck to the frozen metal
i gotta know (pause) did it work
there's no part of you that thinks maybe he's a dirty little scumbag?
a fine instrument
preysing (pause) ach!
yes (pause) last week that pile of mud was only this high
back when you were just a promising young agent (pause) before that
caruso i told her my parents were outta town (pause) and now the whole neighborhood's coming
you couldn't have known (pause) please, sir, let me finish
yeah, right (pause) and maybe he'll join the peace corps
if somebody falls (pause) it's a guaranteed death
tell her harold (pause) it's just that (pause) it's nothing it's just that the outside fork is the salad fork one goes from the outside in as the dinner progresses
yes (pause) she might think you don't have true love on your mind
but they're gonna come back at us on a tax evasion (pause) and they'll get it
farmer's made me a raving lunatic (pause) something's going on you should know about (pause) you're making her crazy
i mean kiddush let's say kiddush and shave my head fuck through a sheet all that stuff (pause) come on just for fun to see what it's like (pause)
i ask only one thing (pause) to hear me in confession (pause)
but you know, you gotta watch out for the times you think you're absolutely right (pause) but, man, bernice has finals tomorrow
you're putting your talents to very odd use mr lowry(pause)yes, odd use(pause)to pit wits against central services(pause) (pause) sod you, stupid twit
i needed to tell you that by a huge personal effort (pause) huge (pause) i have managed to bring the vote forward by an hour and a half
that old evil enemy, is serious about it, great power and much deceit are his cruel armor, no one on earth resembles him (pause) * narrator: winter came early that year
what? oh! i see! it's st phillips oh of course why (pause) why that's very good i mean you've gotten the windows and arches just right
that (pause) it's not going to be easy
what i called you (pause) why what did i call you?
or different like a lesbian in pumps?
sorry i (pause) it's okay
well (pause) it was dark out good
i hear general lee is holding seven thousand fresh infantry back in new york (pause) why won't he come on!?
patty (pause) ex-irish assassin
document each move they've made for the two hours they were inside
and (pause) that one in pink
i promise we'll talk you'll be great you'll be fine go ahead just imagine that (uh) (pause) just look into the lens and imagine you're talking to me
i don't mean to be inquisitive but this (pause) for all i know it could stand for consolidated mobilization of female delinquents?
(pause) i dunn (pause) o (pause) maybe ten (pause) five fuck fuck (pause) that's another thing that goes (pause)
over the noise: like i said, sir (pause) we have one housed here
i'm so tired (pause) dr dreyfuss here (pause) drink this
buzz, buzz, zip, zip (pause) they never shut up!
look (pause) i've got some missing persons, fatalities, evidence of a large no one has seen a shark (pause) no fin, no bites, nothing
(pause) and everything i have, everything i thought my life was (pause) christ when i think of all the what?
(pause) what's the second part?
(pause) we actually we were unaware for several days that this had happened when they came for his things it was made known for us you see?
you've made a wonderful impression your views are liberal (pause) it is easy to see you have an open mind
kind a' lame (uh)?
what what kind of outfit are we running where (pause) where anyone (pause)
sometimes things just turn out (pause) wrong
yes (pause) if i didn't believe that i'd die after last night
what would you suggest i do (pause) tell berada to get a message to you that i like your moustache?
(pause) bullshit!
that just kept going, year after year after " (pause) i didn't know i was a child
look at him, those shifty eyes, that (pause) phony grin (pause)!
(pause) it's a comfortable place
(uh) -huh
i couldn't kill anybody (pause) it's against everything i've ever stood for
(pause) how could we make a where there's sanctuary?
huh, fine
why (pause) i (pause) i have a ticket
rose is madly in love with daddy (pause)
(pause) who won the congressional medal of captain, i gotta tell you, the irony of this mission is fucking killing me
(uh) (pause) hi! is this (pause) er (pause) joanne summerskill?
i mean (pause) you have a wife and a family
the movies have driven up the price of the magnum anyway
you're not the only one (pause)
i need you to get him to do the same thing (pause) put me on the visitor's list
time flies, huh?
(pause) guys as crazy as that could have done a lot of damage to their own before they got to us
i've got you've got to go, huh ? yeah
listen, scooter (pause) no, you listen
boys like him have (pause) expectations
(pause) where's my pill (pause) (pause) he is down in the crash
you better ace it (pause) you sacrificed our whole vacation
look (pause) i'd like to help you out (pause) but i really don't want to get involved
i don't read german, you numb fuck
she takes out a number of letters and sorts through them as she starts back to the house with duke following
(um) okay
look my wife is understandably (pause)
there are ways of dealing with these things (pause) i mean, if people are so inclined
(pause) there's got to be a way to access out back but what makes you think there aren't more of hose (pause) things (pause) back there?
whip snaps it (pause) she laughs
what the (pause) oh!
oh kevin (pause) don't stop!
i'm interested in the antigens here, the agglutination reaction (pause) i'm going to guess ab positive
jorge and his chamber of commerce boys got to keep things hummin' (pause)
(um) listen, i'm i have to fall down now
what? ah yes of course i'm sorry it's just that (pause) you're my idol and some people have been trying to keep us apart
(uh) huh
once you're free, i'll lie down next to barnes (pause) they'll assume you escaped while we were passed out (pause) you think they'll buy that?
cain (pause) like the bible guy?
i told you a thousand times you should always keep, (uh) , a lotta insect spray
john, please, you're being very (pause) what happened, frank?
rosa (pause)
just a it won't take a minute, i can drink it in the (pause) why don't you just get out and get one then!
i mean hardly any thigh i'm telling you joey; shorter skirt more lift on the leg-cross (pause) and you're made
i been writing insurance policies on people for thirty goddamn and now i gotta see my own son (pause) jesus!
(pause) but sid, let me urge you to work closely with the new president, and to keep giving hudsucker industries all your energies (pause) but not your soul
finally the jeers i (pause) i come here to die (pause) a loyal more spit, jeers and abuse
they're going to send me the chrome bumpers in a couple months
didn't the family get together last night (pause)?
(uh) do you miss craig?
those fuckin' judges (pause) what the fuck fight were they watching?
a (pause) writing class
(pause) would you please let me (pause) (pause) what happened?!
(pause) the power?
walter (pause) you're just telling me what you think i want to hear
what (pause)?
did yuh whack benny?
why don't you (pause) excuse me?
but sean said (pause)
it's not my voice (pause) but i know her
but (pause) i hate attacking!
someday, you're gonna meet a nice, available lady (pause) but if you say "moist pussy" to her, you will never, ever, ever get to see that part of her body!
son (pause) of (pause) a (pause) bitch
i (pause) i can't
i'm going with you but we'd better decide what we're going to say and do when we walk in (pause)
no since mama lost her job we don't have no more pies (pause)
it's on the twine too but it's not r (pause)
(pause) okay
sire, we have an emergency (pause) of security
the thumb the thumb the thumb the thumb the thumb the thumb
i just (pause) goodbye mr disney
jump cut to: carrie pulling back the tissue paper to reveal: her favorite wedding gown
and get this: you know how humans evolved from primates? well guess what the dominant life form on planet evolved from?
no it don't have to be fifty it can be thirty (pause) twenty-five
well, no (pause) and yes
i don't know why, but for some odd reason, i feel absolutely compelled to tell you the truth about even at the risk of (pause) hey, you're giving me the creeps
within 45 seconds a microprocessor computes your systolic and diastolic pressure has an lcd readout and it's cost effective (pause) less than one visit to the doctor
well (pause) i (pause) suppose as long as we're i guess it doesn't hurt to take a look
lazy (pause) lazy (pause) i ask you freb: what's the matter with kids today?
is there any more rice (pause) ?
get to the point will you (pause)
know what we need man? (pause) some rope
of course you are you couldn't do those terrible things come home with me (pause) maybe things will make sense then (pause)
i'm going to be number thirty-two like magic
i thought you were (pause) can i talk to ginger?
he's working round the clock but the data needs to be tested analyzed before (pause)
jeff (pause) isn't it time you came home?
but he had to dump the body there to make the move
now take the drum between your legs
come on, they were a little old for a slumber party
we make our goddamn bread and buttuh by the law!
i mean, around your friends is one thing (pause) but, believe it or not, there are real racists in this town!
(uh) (pause) my dad's the manager
i thought the board room would be a swell place to chat undisturbed (pause) it seems we're having some security problems here at the hud
we're so very sorry about your now i'm told you're going to be handling the arrangements for tomorrow's service (pause) ?
wrong number nooooooo!
but then it stops, so he resumes his conversation (pause) provost i'm clearing out of the country, and i'm taking the raven with me
you must be way down on your recruiting quota for the month (pause) if you're half the man your father was, jim, starfleet could use you
oh for christ (pause) will you shut the fuck up, donny
(pause) take them below (pause) put them together
none of this modern, pansy bullshit (pause) i've been looking forward to this for a long time (pause) you fucking liar
michelle (pause) where is he?
what? i called bojo like you say called up the fellas in the band (pause)
she smiles in bemusement as hecate jumps into her arms and purrs
harold and kumar try to decide where to hide
so are you but i think maybe you should shut up now (pause) (pause) i'm not coming up to your apartment that was never my idea
he never told me anything about (pause) that's unbelievable!
this summer tent-pole event-movie is making me so scared
gil, your brain tumor's acting up again
no, i assume you didn't either?
holy shit, you slammed right into this (pause) i don't think you should dirve this car
always ate her ice cream with a fork (pause) how's that?
(pause)well (pause) what's (pause) wrong with you teaching him?
i was looking forward to some serious sailing this week (pause) tish and i have a lovely spot right by kennebunkport
and when you orgasm, your toes go numb
besides i've been starting point the last two years ain't no way some dumb- ass freshman is taking my spot
only if (pause) ?
(pause) what's he likely to he's likely to do all sorts of unpredictable shit
earl looks to frank (pause) he musters something (pause) frank all sound drops out except for the breathing of frank and earl
call petrov (pause) i'll be back
(pause) obviously we must find this monster
(uh) huh
another forty-three people reported taken sir (pause)
a lot of people teachers younger kids it's like they're afraid of me for some reason but that's ok (pause) because i know i deserve it
more (pause) many more
yeah (pause) wow
yeah, pour me (pause) a cup please
it's just (pause) jody, it's bad
i've got numbers to back me up
(pause) no no no don't even i talked to laura rob i talked to her and she gave me a little background and you're a fucking asshole
no, ferry (pause) excuse me, jerry, i quit
tell her i'm a thoughtless son who'd rather spend ten hours clogging the wheels of justice than five minutes talking to her (pause) but only if she asks
it's just as i told you (pause) my husband and i had gone ahead (pause) she never showed
to repeat (pause) heads up!
(uh) huh
(pause) i don't give a damn what your test scores were maybe you could have been a good firemen but you had your shot
but i'm not about to declare that one action defines a human being's entire character
the next morning, right about the time racquel was spilling her little (pause) a man nobody ever laid eyes on before strolled into the casco bank of portland
lewis, they want this report on the first hour (pause) i know
what?! no no you can’t (pause)
* (pause) zee money, i wazza move izz to what language are you speaking, mr
why, thank you (pause) which he will have to be to have a chance against francesco today
you don't know what the word means, you dumb bastard
there are loose ends out there, dudley i (pause)
(pause) horrible
maybe you're fed up, maybe you want to be by yourself (pause) who knows
that's why they probably set up over there (pause) isabel (pause) and used the mirror
that woman's laugh creeps me out i heard somethin' like that (pause) somewhere before (pause) sound'd like the wicked witch (pause)
do one thing to me? get me one shot at anchoring the weekend news (pause) they've never seen me do it i think it could turn them around
i guess the most important aspect of your thumbs is the, ahem, over all size
workin' late tonight, huh?
and neither did this man (pause) mr
well if you put it that way (pause)
i didn't say they substituted a fake boy, just (pause) not the right boy
don't worry, she's a friend, (pause) and a member
okay, we've pulled his landing card in three days ago, out of frankfurt (pause) what we need now is to fill in the time between his arrival and the incident
(pause) i call my partner, your daughter is dead
oh god, (pause) jeffrey i opened myself to him
poor woman (pause)
mr (pause) kay?
(um) charlie or something
ted, i know this is terrible, but (pause) -i have to run
tight on roll-up door (pause) a car jack jams in under the lip
up the stairs, exhausted, stumbling, while the computer counts down: attention!
we held a mirror up to the doctor, and (pause) apparently (pause) he didn't like what he saw
(pause) tincture of horseradish (pause) i thought i had made it quite clear you were to begin helping
drink tea (pause) there's lots of tea
i know jacob's sick but (pause) he's out with friends
where's my fucking (pause) ?
and the guy talks(pause)incessantly (pause) throughout the(pause)on topics that are the supposed domain of my department (pause) ben (pause) yeah?
buck bonnie parker (pause)
after all mr roundy we're paying six percent six percent fha's at eight and a half (pause) no we won't be going back to the old days
we were told you were a pezzonovanta (pause) big shot
as the escalade surges away across the lawn, greer's vice-like grip holds, pulling jessica out the broken window and (pause) thump!
it's been like this (pause) you spastic creep!
a syphon-pump works overtime
it was later that night when i first found the lump
as he has focused the binoculars (pause) seen through the binoculars as it comes clear (pause) the bull's eye is small
and without a job, residence, or legal tender, that's what you're gonna be a fuckin' bum!
i figured you walked outta there and saw me and walked right the other way (pause)
that's randomly selected by social security numbers
you don't know what kind of bad luck he's had (pause) i can imagine
different instrument altogether you know if you'd only listened to me we'd be bogged down in traffic right now and you could have made yourself an extra five bucks
cut to: don ciccio, i've got an idea (pause) you remember that old abandoned movie house where they're supposed to build those low-rent houses?
g) cobb firing a gun at stump in the hunting lodge
i just (pause) he was (pause) but i gave him, i just had to give him a small dose of liquid morphine
in other words, the works (pause) with music
donnavan to get you a large bottle of tell him, maurice has officially become a grumpy old man
(pause) follow me
and it's your contention, that when the partners were made aware of the lesions, they jumped to the conclusion you had aids and fired you
find a letter opener, fuck it (pause) pry the drawer loose
so sturdy, so straight (pause) incidentally, joe, where're you staying?
i'll be happy to give you his number
even the wisest cannot tell for the mirror shows many things (pause) things that were (pause) things that are (pause) and some things that have not yet come to pass
no, that was in columbia
anyway (pause) anyway, i've got to do my tap dance here
there's (pause) something out there, hurting people (pause) okay, calm down
i'm assuming you read my deposition
stanley you can't do this (pause)
big duke six to hell's angels four (pause) bring it in on along tree line and huts
either nothing was in there, or like whatever they scraped up (pause) jesus (pause) guys (pause) would not be eating right now
i believe that's the law (pause) is it not mr galvin (pause) ?
no (pause)
what luck to get pregnant on the first try, huh?
well, then, i know it takes three (pause) four weeks for you to come round to admit when you're but by that time she's liable to be in hold her steady
(pause) we have cleared spacedoors
but we're going to have the wedding at your home (pause) tracy?!
wait a minute wait a minute (pause) you're tryin' to save me?
they don't see sin in their nakedness they live according to nature in a never ending summer the islands are covered with trees filled with blossoms and fruits and (pause)
the nineteenth (pause) how come you didn’t know?
i'm his brother-in-law (pause) birdman
we have three months of work and approximately no money left to support it (pause)
kale, you're welcome to come, but (pause) well, i appreciate the thought
you (pause) you know damn straight who it is
it's funny when i first met you i thought you were such a weirdo (pause) i still think you're a nut but you're my nut
i hope you guys stayed away from those little nacho bits i saw out i know (pause) i know (pause) hey, you're not payin' for the slight laughter
three ithaca pumps, an empty box of double-ought buck and cash
(pause) all right, eve
yes (pause) his defense is great, can't lie 'bout that (pause) you have a rollin' style
davies and whispers (pause) i kinda like her
you're a swine so hurry up (pause) we're travelling!
jackie ushering them out, as we (pause) new york time transition (pause) mos
i was driving a stolen car (pause) do you enjoy doing this to me or what (pause) mom (pause) i'm not (pause) and you wanted him to make a list!
gimme the keys (pause) gimme the goddamn car keys, son (pause) what am i s'posed to do with her, buddy?
yeah (pause) good memory
i'll stop him (pause) you stall him
it's so (pause) optimistic
he didn't mean it (pause) we shouldn't have left him
you know me (pause) married to my work
whoa easy trip this is radio not taxi driver now listen up cause this next part is crucial stay on the line so we can get your full name information and (pause)
listen, darrell, about that hundred-fifty bucks for the car, as soon as i get where i'm going i swear i'll (pause) two-hundred
(uh) huh he's the (uh) (pause)
this guy from l a , barry egan is calling on the other line and saying all this stuff, he wants to talk to a supervisor or whatever (pause) what did you say?
you said she was sitting back there or standing rather (pause)
i (pause) heard something (pause) came in here last night must have gone to sleep
they know people on the outside we could (pause) pay to make sure he doesn't try to take advantage of you
but (pause) he sacrificed his own daughter my sister, samantha
well look i don't claim to be an expert (pause)
but men like hearst (pause) they don't bother with convention because (pause) they don't have to
your stomach, you're hurt (pause) when i was coming back i saw your slicker friend looking for you guys down by the water
chinese, huh?
very logical deanna (pause) but your heart doesn't constrain itself to mere logic to leave all of this behind and be with me
you got a very depressing view of life man (pause) you gotta smile once in awhile (pause)
what kind of medication are you on right now, linda that's (pause) this is not any fucking medication talking, this isn't (pause) i don't know
she left phoenix a week ago yesterday and no trace until (pause)
(uh) , well (pause) not exactly
hold the trigger down, full automatic (pause) nico drops below the dash, driving blind
and there, it consumed him
ray (pause)
i'm taking her to the airport a few minutes from now she's going to east st louis (pause) to visit an aunt
'cause they's little pigglies! they's tryin' to inspire panic make that stock git cheap so's they can snitch it all up fo' themselves! but norville he's got some tricks up his sleeve he does (pause)
you're one of a hundred you know hey (pause) don't you know when to stop!
i'm doing a column on the myth of sisyphus as manifest in a minor league losing streak, joe, and i if i ever need a brain transplant i'll choose a sportswriter 'cause that way i'd be getting a brain that's never been used
(pause) (uh) , roger, permission granted
like (pause) another would be more convenient
only what's on the a number two: plain omelette
calcium (pause) vitamins (pause) artesian (pause) what's wrong with that steam shovel?
dollying right behind them as they proceed toward the stage area past the numerous tables set up for the prom-goers, past the twin bandstands
mccoy it's an obsession (pause) that can blind you so far more immediate (pause) and critical responsibilities
george, you're probably wondering why i asked if i could come over today i'm sure you've noticed the same things we all have (pause) certain "changes" going on in the town
you read that wrong she doesn't marry humperdinck she marries westley i'm just sure of it after all that westley did for her if she does not marry him it wouldn't be fair
that's (pause) priceless
i (pause) good idea
tumbles into the flower bed
we went out for about five minutes (pause) which is four minutes longer than most of them but you can't hold it against him he's (pause) different
i am (pause) happy, merry, joyful, glad, contented, frisky
i probably shall (pause) after i've tortured you a little more
i was a tight end for the oilers (pause) my knee gimped out
no wrong (pause) i sell experiences sex is only part of it
they've (pause) they'll be sorry
i want a finer fate than that (pause) for me and for every other cowgirl
we do the best we can here (pause) (pause) but hey, public education these days is a bit of a battleground
sergeant gant, order the troops to assume staggered firing positions
it might have been a woman (pause) but it couldn't have been mrs
(pause) asking the wrong guy (pause) wasn't me who closed it
and (pause) please stop
i mean i've checked everything women liquor (pause) finances i went all the way back to his high school race for student body president
sir (pause) i guess i do sir
is that what she said (pause) ?!
listen (pause) i just forgot she was going out (pause) don't be a smart ass
he's movin' to your left (pause) don't let him no more (pause) dance and stick hear? don't play (pause) i know what ya feelin' but don't play
i was told that your mother died that your mother died when you were young (pause)
oh there's a hard tale jack most of the decent pirates in town won't sail with you (pause) seem to think you're a jinx
if you need me, i'll be (pause) where you going?
"maybe the third from the no not him (pause) " (pause) oh
that's your problem you were never serious about the caraft (pause) ""i'm a rock (pause) i just want to be a rock (pause) still peaceful (pause) tranquil (pause) "" (pause) ""oh but what's this? something's making noise (pause) no not noise no (pause) movement vibrations make the vibrations stop they go straight into me like a knife! (pause) i must crush the thing that makes the vibrations (pause) """
when you called luke i was so goddamn relieved (pause) luke elbows her with an "we're in an elementary school" elbow
it's my boy, all right (pause) it's david
as he takes the book from her, quickly draws back his arm (pause) the gun at the panicked stewardess's head, he continues slowly up the aisle, shouting for everyone to freeze, not even to think about moving (pause) (pause) now a hardcover book comes rocketing through the air, hits him in the back of the neck and he goes limp, fall- ing across some seats, the gun dropping from his hand
(pause) the house the 1835 the original <u>kitchen</u> of course burned in 1960 as part of a spate of fires (pause)
that book is out of print, karen, those days are gone fans no longer pull the carriage through the streets(pause)they tear off clothes and steal wrist watches (pause)
don't know just shot up one day from a stump
how do you think i felt (pause) riding home on that seven-fourteen train?
john never said much about him he dies even before the war (pause)
you don't know who's in that (pause) you're right, mr
maybe you're right maybe i'm losing my mind (pause)
i will not leave anyone on this rock with those fucking things, even if it means (pause) her neck
exiting the beauty salon and stumbling through a crowded cafe runs fouchet and the gang, mauling their way through tables and patrons
it's (pause) confidential, the call, my information is private
the kid peels off and throws up in a dumpster
sure, kup (pause) right away!
the truth of the matter is, a successful children's show has always depended on two simple elements: a fuzzy costume and a lot of hype
he's close (pause)
whoa (pause) why?
carve a pumpkin
i didn't say it (pause) you did
(pause) a body slumping to the ground
one thing anyway (pause) at least penelope didn't throw out all your crap i bet alice threw out all my crap after i'd been gone a week
yes, i see that private trumbo was reported missing in action and is presumed dead i also see that you were posted stateside during the war fort dix?
just wanted to put him on edge (pause)
(pause) now wait! (pause) you're not blaming me why not, burt?!
you get it together, you you hear (slaps get it we can't 'ave can 't' a ve it ! (pause) y ou we re a fuckin' disgrace last night!
we're supposed to be after a killer not a string of hookers (pause)
and look at it this way how about jim (pause) it puts him in a sort of tough spot
what happened to your neck, huh?
(pause) i was a publisher man, i'd publish the it's the mona lisa
funkhauser could do wonders with this (pause) funkhauser will have nothing to do with this house!
reverend cutlip steps to the center of the platform and looks around at the souls gathered- the highway of life, brothers and sisters, will twist you and turn you, it will run you this way and that way, it will tempt you with many a detour (pause) for the highway of life, brothers and sisters, is designed to lead us astray!
(pause) you got to get me that street for i will
as the widow of your last president, i have the right to choose (pause) and, gentlemen, i refuse to discuss the matter any further
i (uh) lost my max!
i don't know what came over me talking back like that i must be going crazy (pause)
the driver slams his brakes, but (pause) explodes into tiny pieces of junk as the semi ploughs through it!
(pause) this place is a fuckin' pigsty
i think she really likes you (pause) where's mrs peel?
(pause) images were shot yesterday afternoon by a thirty-four year old local camera man in kerala, a southern city of india
wait, we (pause) -ve to think!
but (pause) are you sure?
these machines (pause) they're in here
i know, but (pause) colonel jessep said he ordered the code red, what did we do wrong?
in the cloister gardens, a blossom flowers on the apple tree and the world is born again (pause) in death, ravenna's beautiful blue eyes are wide open, fixed on the halo of light that surrounds snow white's head
jesse, don't take that, hit back! (pause) i feel terrible, hon
huh?
is this it? (pause) (pause) this is it right? (pause)
i (pause) i'm i guess it was good ta finally see joyce excited about somethin' of her own
(pause) i undeniably do or do not know where he shouldn't probably be
all only if i tell max you're coming and you don't show up and i have to see that look on max's face (pause) that heartbreaking look (pause) it's boston, fletcher
yes (pause)
love is sexy and sex is lovely (pause) i don't care what you call it, an android can't have it
so, no (pause) immediate suspicion, no (pause) general talk of enmity between the two
a stack of photo albums, scrapbooks, open
julie begins to choke on the fumes
nic ky, b oobie and othe r wis eguys (pause) incl udin g boo ts an d leg s (pause) po re over crumpled scraps of paper
that's why because i could have any other woman (pause) you know when they asked caesar why england he said, because it's not mine
that next thing there (pause) six legs, tentacles (pause) that's the thing we saw in the food locker
she starts to run (pause) tentative (pause) slowly
your friend's a very (pause) fellow
when does summer come to this land?
for it is the fate of this generation (pause) of you in the congress and of me as president (pause) to live with a struggle we did not start, in a world we did(pause)not make
(pause) i do
yeah (pause) they should've paid their bill
well (pause) (uh) (pause) yes ma'am
well that's just that's the stress talking dude so far we have what looks to me like a series of victimless crimes (pause)
let's go to the motel, cobb heads down the hallway pounding on every door (pause) he's ready to explode
rita i met her last summer she's cool you'll really dig her she's got this great little cabin in the hills just outside of provo where she raises chickens i'll write and the two of you can take care of the chickens to support us
it's my opinion it took him much longer nine (pause) ten minutes there's too much brain damage
darlings, i love you (pause) i wish * you luck on your rally, i am behind * you one hundred percent
snappy name, huh?
some public relations guy got a hold of a tape of an interview (pause) where you're saying you were on the american judo team in the what kind of shit is this?
hey, everything's going great (pause) don't y'think?
i like all varietals i just don't generally like the way they manipulate chardonnay in california (pause) too much oak and secondary malolactic fermentation
you couldn't understand! listen ten thumbs i'll be on my way to washington in half an hour whatever happens i'm all ready for this ranger of yours never mind how you'll get your instructions from ken allen here it isn't anything you have to do i wouldn't trust you to lick a stamp allen'll do it himself you just use your *high office* to help him get it done understand?
he's drawing an isthmus (pause) he's saying we're on an isthmus
so you came here to kill lisa wong, huh?
you jump yet?
i wasn't high, wasn't wired (pause) just clear
great (pause) that's all i need
after all your posturing, all your speeches (pause) you're nothing but a common thief
yes i would give my heart gladly but each day when she walks to the sea, she looks straight ahead not at me (pause) " mumble?
like they're all part of some spiritual rite about to be consummated
titanium plating and armor, a multi- tasking heads-up display
me and the boys are just swingin' our sickles by the side of the road, and i turned around and there it this door with this bright blinding white light all around course i'm thinkin' i must be sunstroked or so i close my eyes figurin' i'll count ten and it'll be gone so i'm an' i open my eyes slow, spectin' it won't be there (pause) and it wasn't
you would actually (pause) in a second!
you were supposed to be here half an hour ago (pause) the emergency strategy session? your trip to aspen? they're all panicked here (pause)
just those four (pause) out of a total of 31259 (pause) so actually we can be very proud of our personnel (pause) percentage-wise
so what are you saying marlon the whole thing has been in my head (pause) ?
this ocean business (pause) i know where i can find a map i need to go back to the station where will you be?
i just put jim into black creek (pause) are you acquainted with (pause)
now it's out of the basements and there's a name for it (pause) project mayhem
(pause) on the front yard of the abbott mansion
i heard about your, (uh) , your, ah, your wonderful thumbs, and i heard how you were jack kerouac's girl no, i'm afraid that part isn't true
those handcuffs too tight (pause) ?
ya know i'm thinkin' (pause) with another income coming in i would love to get a bigger place
and he is using adamantium as its core
coz that's what you've done to me(pause)you've killed me(pause)but see, with you dead liz (pause) elizabeth
not yellow cautious see it's very easy for a fighter to accidentally hurt (pause)
you explain between sobs that you hit a dog on the way over to pick her up and you had to rush it to the animal hospital but by the time you got there (pause) (pause) and it's paw was sticking and it was too late
(pause) still (pause) at least we should tell him we're going
and his apartment (pause) there was some type of disturbance?
well that's a predispo (pause) (pause) father's side too, although dad tends to carry his weight in front of him
(pause) lookahere, young sportsman
your father (pause) great!
is trying desperately to get the crowd into the game by jumping up and down and waving her pom poms
listen, honey, central park's turning green yeah, i sa-i saw that lunatic that we-where we used to see with the, (uh) , (uh) , pinwheel hat and, you know, and the roller skates?
i told you (pause) too much fame
(pause) taping? what are you taping?
did your father teach you humility?
matching speed (pause) now range to target ten thousand meters and closing (pause) skipper, i got a bad feeling about this (pause)
bill, that dean ziegler (pause) he was trying to warn me about orin
i have to figure out how to penetrate this thing dix (pause) crack its ice we gotta get close enough to log the pattern
now i'd like to ask you something: four years ago when you were working as a nurse are you aware that drs towler and marx based their treatment of deborah ann kaye on this chart that you signed (pause) ?
(pause) i wish to kill a not you, my dear duke, but the you were dead but you will be close to the baron before you die
they were supposed to have been dismantled last summer anyway (pause) (pause) jesus, mary and joseph
sure (pause)
(pause) words to live by?
henri (pause) i need one more favor from you i know i am imposing (pause)
(uh) , huh (pause) hey, look
here (pause) see that?
you got boone shakin' already (pause) front left bunker's your best angle to the pin
we automatically assume he's a maybe he isn't at all
(pause) as the altercation appears to have been instigated equally on both sides, prison terms strike the court as excessive
luther is simply transfixed (pause) (pause) richmond on cnn and now he has turned and is beckoning for walter sullivan to join him
can you see her tramping around the world with a camera bum who never has more than a week's salary in the bank?
we wanted you to come up (pause) of course you did
from the bow number one gun, on my word(pause)discharge!
(pause) he'd just found out about track 2
dmv says it was reported stolen the day before in (pause) (pause) brooklyn
i always thought when i grew up i'd know what to do about things like this (pause) i don't even know if he's serious (pause)
at first it doesn't hurt at all that's shock then it hurts terribly (pause) you wouldn't believe such pain could exist (pause) and six months later you can't remember what pain felt like it hasn't taken six months this time it hasn't even taken twenty- four hours is that a beastly thing to say?
clickl and a dial the front page of the new york post (pause) a photograph of carmine galante, his cigar still clenched in his teeth, sprawled bloody, dead in a brooklyn restaurant
and i wouldn't call it tony's place or charlie's place (pause) i'd call it something like season of the witch (pause) get it?
there before me lay a thin, crooked, uncircumcised penis
all right (pause) the ghostbusters
so how did (pause)
(uh) huh
nico looks like the viet prisoner (pause) the one we saw in the opening sequence
sandro (pause) a month is too long a time i have become used to being without you
oh! and another thing i am a liar a pathological liar there was no day in danang no multiple tours in nam just lies to get laid lies to get respect truth is (pause) i'm scared shitless all the time
i'll be your passport outta (pause) just save your breath, wayne
mike hands him the documents
and don't put any rum in it, gus
i asked him ""lyndon what would you do on a scale of one to ten?"" and he said ""bomb the shit out of hanoi boy! bomb them where they live "" (pause) john do you think i was too soft on tv?"
(pause) what?
something ought to loosen him up (pause) how comes we're going to el paso rudy?
the art of war is not for killing people, it's a stratagem to give life to many with minimum violence, minimum (pause) then why you bomb my fahking house and kill my son?
i don't wish to make you to join our cause against your will, senator, but you are a rational, honest representative of your people and i assume you want to do what's in their best interest
how 'bout you let me explain it my own (pause) and in the dream, it's always the same, i wake up in my room from when i was i kid in ohio, and i realize this is the day of the big exam at (pause) which is no problem for me, because i remembered it was coming and i've attended every class, so i'm totally prepared
okay okay (pause) what do i do now lie down on the floor and (uh) bow from the ankles? what do i do go home?
i ' m just saying (pause) maybe we should forget about it, pop him tomorrow night
no reply (pause) luther's already headed for the door as we (pause) walter sullivan, getting into his limousine in front of a georgetown mansion
(pause) he just one look and he know
strong stomach huh? i like that in a woman (pause) maybe we can do business after all
damn it if only we could get to those suits (pause) dawn then thinks of something -
i assume most moms don't smoke weed in front of their son's (pause) (um) piece of ass?
no black buicks (pause) but a gray packard shifts behind me on a cadence
maybe he just couldn't pull the trigger (pause)
(pause) we moved back here when quincy was about five after zeke was traded neighborhood was a little more mixed back then (pause)
we put out a lot of material through our contacts in the newspapers (pause) about mccluskey's being tied up with sollozzo in the drug rackets (pause) things are starting to loosen up
because nobody's homeless in pleasantville
translated literally, it was the name of a demon spirit that delivered human sacrifices on the celtic celebration of samhain ' halloween
maybe a little overkill (pause) i burned the christmas tree
i am dinner with brock leviathan (pause)
what's number one on your list?
i (pause) i don't know what to say i know he's under a cloud but there's not a more dedicated man in the entire medical profession
i'm checking their security logs (pause) wherever they've detailed the most guys is probably where it'll "skippy"?
well, he didn't say in so many words that ever since you started with that house you haven't turned in a decent piece of copy, but (pause) but you kind of got the (pause) that if i told you, you'd know that he knew that you knew that he that you or something
nightmares, tears, (pause) but he found you
(uh) miss devoto (pause)
we are just not used to handsome knights (pause) but you are wounded!
i'm the one who brings the devil's brandy (pause)
(pause) you could leave
sally there's a whole world out there we can have a new home a real home not some tin-plated dump what are you giving up?
it heads: "detention postponed until monday (pause) emergency!
(uh) huh
(pause) you want us to go to war (pause)
now don't you go monk'ing (pause)
and his concerns do seem to be solely about the so i agree that he's only using the summit and the tension with north korea to create extreme motivation to pay the ransom
this might just be me, but that is hands down, the dumbest fucking idea i've ever heard
mustn't be frightened, darling (pause) it was just a bad dream
if you're going to murder me that's fine (pause) just don't laugh
i don't know (pause) people might offer you crack?
didn't you get? (pause) how are you?
i'd like to (pause) (pause) haven't seen him
i need a date (pause) why?
sethe (pause) baby girl, that ain't gonna happen
the virtual humanity statutes require us t o give them consciousness to the level of functionality
yeah two things pete that (pause)
son of a (pause) come on!
you want (pause) money?
you're a goner, brother (pause) you can talk
if i don't, my mind seems to go off in a hundred directions at once (pause) then take the pills
the sound of nails falling onto the workbench (pause) what are you doing, mr
mickey (pause) had little to no defence
oh well (pause) this isn't exactly by the book
it's a (pause)
ooooh (pause) you lied?
what about a bee (pause) ?
simone, you've been romantically linked to dozens of men in the press (pause) mick jagger, stephen hawking, fidel and most recently viktor taransky
now listen before you do something you'll really regret you'd better stop and think (pause)
the tapes document everything
ah jeanne (pause) come here (pause) ! this whole coronation idea of yours is a fiasco (pause) nothing is ready (pause)
(pause) something about my (pause) what?
i believe we have a (pause) ladybug, ladybug, fly away it's cloudy out, i know, but remember; behind the clouds there is always the sun
we had no idea that (pause) you heard me ask permission!
cause, you know (pause) i don't even know you
you go ahead and pump rainbows up his ass
and the fact that i'm gone won't stop me from giving donnie advice, not that he needs any (pause) why would anyone in their right mind not follow jb's advice?
all this business of war (pause) do you get scared?
it's the difference between paper law and trial (pause) sam (pause) christ, you even had the judge saying stone was an expert!
all right, now you're going (pause) to do a murder
and you must not be getting along too well right now huh?
close on frank (pause) inside the (pause) his hands gripping the sides of the jump-seat, his nd face clenched into a silent scream as the plane lift f, banking left as it must have slipped right off your neck
i, (uh) (pause) i frankly don't even want to talk about it
amazingly, he's gaining (pause) machete man highballs off the sidewalk, straight into a mom and pop groceria
metro swat team jumps out with equipment, helmets, rush into the building
hah!!! those cagey rascals! those sly dissemblers! those (uh) (pause) they've finally pulled the wool over everybody's eyes!
we're from earth (pause) we come as friends
you think i'm uncomfortable (pause)
not if it kills me i let's not talk any more (pause) you have to goodbye, mr
(pause) well, say she comes home
the only thing is my crew's off for the season so (pause) pit stop
stop it (pause) you aren't my pal
i (pause) give me some narco skinny
you're on this (pause)
on the stove (pause) a tea kettle and a which is the last thing they'll remember, bourne (pause) coming around the corner fast (pause) full stop and (pause) bourne lays out kiley turns to find bourne (pause) who takes him out too
new york at christmas is so loaded with all the things we used to do (pause) kathleen (v o
confidential files (pause) hmmm?
i know who he is (pause)
(pause) you tell him that nick's ill, he's got these lumps, and he can't get out of bed
if i could just steer you through the reception line here (pause) allow me to introduce jaroslav reid, the director of the national gallery (pause) petr brandl, the mayor of prague (pause) i bet you don't remember me, do you, senator?
we were, i don't know (pause) johnna, what's going on?
he said they would protect us (pause) and if i learned them, they would protect me if ever they were you gonna just feed her, from now on?
(pause) plus the forty to mason (pause) how many letters is that?
bretton
this farm was getting kind of dreary, what with just the few cows and chickens and me (pause) but when i got misery here, everything changed (pause) she just makes me smile so
this is easy (pause) i'm not hurrying
recites in a mumble to himself (pause) one two three four five
ohhh yes no no just a little you know (pause) we're fine
no i don't (pause) the host is enough
you better win a hand (pause) you're on a blitz
overlapping distress calls some from starships (pause) others (pause)
yeah (pause) totally (pause) thank you
what the fuck (pause) hey!
have i flipped out? (pause) is any of this real?
navigator (pause) (pause) (pause) (pause) (pause) adventurer; brash glory-hound
(pause) so where is he?
you boys mend your ways or i will return some dark night and cut off one of your heads (pause) i do not say which (pause) and leave it on the stomach of the other as a warning
at sea, then (pause) a voyage to a new world? (pause) she lands upon a vast and empty shore
i ain't got nobody tonight but lips and his trio (pause) holiday came through here last tuesday
home for the summer
(pause) or are you talking about the mother?
(pause) who?
a (pause) i gotta go
everyone, summer
james is pre-med, april's valedictorian (pause) now that says something!
pray excuse me (pause) i have no desire to leave a water mark!
and now of all times (pause) now (pause) when i am grasping on with my fingernails to live at all this orson we lies (pause) this insect (pause) this reprehensible insect (pause) has the nerve to challenge me!
wiseguy, huh?
feel my what do you think is the most humiliating way to die?
your newspaper (pause) right?
oh shut up and be happy it’s always this or that you’re never happy you frowny-faced grumplestilskin
yes (pause) he mentioned it
my friends were thrilled to hear that the georgia peach was a helluva guy (pause) it excused their own failures (pause) if cobb was okay, then by god, they were but finally i didn't lie for them, or the children of america, or somesuch hogwash (pause) finally i lied for myself
i guess i don't have to, though (pause) (pause) you're the one with the problem
i just (pause) your mother would have been so proud of the way you've handled yourself through all of i know, dad
hold on a second (pause) i know what i'm talking about'd be a change
hell, i probably even know him (pause) get your hands off her ass, roy
i'm sorry sir i didn't mean to put it that way but you must understand sir that i (pause)
the auditorium is a mess; the cleaning crew has begun to work on the debris from the riot
garrison(pause)grimy young hoodlums who'll say and do anything
i don't know it got to the point where i couldn't remember any of the reasons i loved him and you (pause) and love?
stafford rides on for a (pause) then stops when he sees a horse outside his house
so clever, so vibrant, so (pause) full of life force
three, they're gonna beat me like a bongo i mean, hey, i coulda resisted, sure (pause) and they coulda beat me into a coma or killed me or whatever (pause) but then, see, i'm thinking: how would i be able to tell tony what happened to the stones?
he looks up at her (pause) she has not been seen like this for a very long time, if lit up by a man
are you sandra danby (uh) (pause) yea- sorry, miss, but you've failed to show up court order
charlie seems hurt (pause) but still determined
i hate these things (pause) it's like drinking coffee through a veil
i was never meant to be raised by (pause) grocers
(pause) now you ain't hardly doin' your job, texas ranger
let me quote from an investigative events on the aircraft are" (pause) again i quote, "bold and "by inverting the plane, captain whitaker arrested the descent and allowed the aircraft to level off enabling him to glide the aircraft away from any populated areas and allowing him to execute a forced landing in an open field
idiot, you probably scared the other guy away (pause) what other guy (pause) ? headhunters, nimrod, they go in pairs, were you always this stupid or did you take lessons?
her plummin down there don't work no more, so feel free to cum in 'er all ya wont
flor is checking out the what's in each drawer, etc (pause) (pause) deborah is impressed by the self-starter display and indicates same to bernice
one of our irish brothers was killed in the line of duty last night (pause) detective edward conlon was gunned down serving a warrant on northern boulevard
ted look, i'm not trying to screw with your life at all, but you can't just walk off with a million dollars and expect people to (pause) how much?
(pause) just that a lot of reports were sent to creep but he doesn't name who not here anyway (pause)
millodragovich (pause) shit!
(pause) you terrible so tearing something so the angle widens and we see nina, now made up to look wrinkled and gray, tragically old, her eyes moist as she kneels beside the grave
(uh) -huh
they argue in gambling games; they jump out of their cars in a rage if someone so much as scratches their fender
you're alive (pause)
us them i don't know (pause) just get going
he hasn't brought my milk yet
it's like farming i am basically chewing up large tracts of expensively landscaped scenery with overpriced sticks and george clair has obviously in the mere two years since he joined the firm he has obviously been taking secret lessons with a golf pro and i assume the entirety of his disposable income has been devoted to humiliating me on the golf course and the guy talks(pause)incessantly (pause) throughout the entirety of the miserable 18 holes(pause)on topics that are the supposed domain of my department (pause)
(uh)
far as i know (pause) and what i don't know in this town ain't worth knowing (pause) the cops haven't closed any of your dives and the o a
and as a detective (pause) i'm not allowed to believe in coincidences what were you doing?!
god sometimes i think it would be so nice not to have to stretch ground beef or maybe drive a car with a cd player (pause)
okay (pause) one down, one to go
* you even doubt it?
mum's the word, mrs pentane
beth (pause) to be on the safe side
wait here (pause) don't i always?
this other musketeer (pause) is he still alive?
in hebrew characters and numbers
huh?
to him it looks like leigh anne stops, stares (pause) okay, fine, let's go get 'em
you don't know who's in that (pause) you're right, mr
that's amazing i-i-i (pause) i've been goin' for fifteen years i-you know i don't got (pause) nothing like that in-
goes out with his grandkids, takes `em horseriding at floyd bennett checks on his fur business from time to time (pause) we even looked at some of the coats and tore `em apart
come on (pause) you were great
you are the chosen custodians of the big-ass bump!
and keep an eye out for us, huh?
trespassing, sabotage (pause) you could go to jail just for being here, did you know that?
well you wouldn't know (pause) you don't even know any of us
got it so take a walk ben (pause) i'm going to borrow susan for a second
for a straight one million rupees, ladies and gentlemen (pause) on an american one hundred dollar bill there is a portrait of which american statesman?
because (pause) because he's <u>twice</u> the ant that you are i could <u>never</u> go through with marrying you i'm (pause) i'm an <u>individual</u> and when i get married it'll be to someone <u>i</u> choose
fear the fear of being poor i guess just like you darien (pause) but that's all gonna change sweetheart i'm catching the express (pause) (pause) and you're going along for the ride
just wanted to make you aware (pause) before today's over we'll be standing on top of your mountain of horse and pissing down on you
anyway, look, i don't wanna- listen, listen, listen, (uh) h'h, so whatta you up to anyway, huh?
you have the best answer for everything you seem so (pause) hopeful are you always this sunny?
now if you'll excuse me, gentlemen (pause) goodbye, sir
oh i'm a lot like you (pause) just looking for an ass to mount
(pause) i can't reveal what we spoke about
another big pause staring at nothing (pause) then he just calmly walks back inside the room, closing the door behind him
still can't accept it, huh?
hey (pause) those are my files (pause) yeah, we had them couriered over
the bartender, not able to hear him, smiles and flashes a thumbs-up before moving away
too numerous to remember
my name's forrest gump
whoa, i, (uh) , i don't really drink (pause) to mutt
not now (pause)
she doesn't need her burn-out of a father i must show and this is richard
hell we're equipped (pause)
(uh) , ok
yeah (pause) it's a good thing you're not going to be the father
in juhu
there isn't any way they use you (pause) alive
has not, doctor (pause) and now, because of what we are will there is no alternative
there was a problem, then (pause) too many defectors were managing to sneak through the wilderness to the west
that relieve my mind (pause) he turns, glances into the back parlor, and sees a pile of cut cords on the love seat
i have rejoined the army, and asked to resume my commission at the head of the troops of general fromberge
ahm (pause) well (pause) we would have liked to (pause) but it was difficult, obviously, being set in space
he gets a quick glimpse of a feline shadow springing past a skylight; she's jumping all around the roof, clinging to exposed pipes and fixtures
(pause) up and under between two defenders, with the left hand
you only think i guessed wrong (pause) (pause) that's what's so funny! i switched glasses when your back was turned you fool
still eager for your triumphant return to rome, caesar
be serious zoe (pause) i can stick my tongue through my cheek
but if you look at it from my angle (pause) a bachelor, taking my daughter off to oh, impossible
listen pal this fifth column stuff's pretty rotten isn't it?[11]
tasty, huh?
of the separate chemicals (pause) i don't know (uh) offhand (pause)
she had a feeling about it (pause) about the last job (pause) how long i'd get the hook for
well you could've at least warned me you know i hate the zap (pause) when they die it just brings down your whole day jeez tick
(pause) well then that's how many i killed
just shot up one day from a stump
of course, i've seen her films and always thought she was, well, fabulous (pause) but, you know, million miles from the world i live in
but, bishop, surely you realize (pause) this is a most dangerous neighborhood
and you believe me (pause) ?
this is dumb but i used to tell him i was on the basketball team because i knew he'd never make it to a game
huh?
oh yeah i'm calm in fact i'm totally relaxed (pause)
but my daughter didn't have a single one at seven months (pause) so, y'know, how many teeth they doesn't mean a thing
